If I could enter a skull emoji I would. This was excruciating. I had to redo my website design since my original Wireframes SUCKED, which led to a million and one problems. And everytime I fixed one, it felt amazing, until 2 seconds later when I would find the next bug my solution created. It's a vicious cycle.

As for the actual design, I think it went pretty well. My website is supposed to advertise the in-universe Circus Baby's Entertainment and Rentals, so my page gets to look cleaner and more professional than the rest. I figured the layout would go pretty simple, with a logo, then description, gallery of animatronics, extra info. And I followed that process pretty well. I think neon colors work great with much more vibrant and contrast heavy characters of Sister Location.

As for the main connective aspect of our website, all the cool little bugs, glitches, and easter eggs. NONE OF THEM MADE ME WANT TO KILL MYSELF LIKE THE Request Information GLITCH. I already had a little thing on the button click that would say something along the lines of "yeah we'll contact you soon..." which would come and break everything while I tried making multiple button presses do something. This problem alone took over an hour. The fix I found was just to have the button write text below at the same time as the script ran. The rest of the glitches were much easier. Having hover activate a GIF instead of an image, and clicking the gif playing an MP3, went by much smoother.

Yeah. Fun group project. We gave ourselves a very interesting prompt, but it was fun brainstorming ideas and gags. Whatever we could do to breathe some life into a website. Something more interesting than just a "showing".