For my page, I certainly struggled to get a hold of what the theme should be. The reason we chose to cover Afton Robotics, despite not being a very developed part of the FNaF universe, is because we intended for each page to get more and more dark as you continued, and an afton robotics page could definitely reach the roof of eeriness and lore. When making the actual site, I simply took some previous code of mine that I intended to use for future projects and stitched it all together with a brand new look! some border glow on the sides, a newly styled navigation inspired if not replicated from fnaflore.com, the works. I had packaged the template out to everyone else and apparently that helped others out a lot, so I was very glad.

Layouts and flexboxes sampled from previous work, adjusting images and descriptions accordingly, it was time to figure out what the style should be. It wasn't meant to be professional, but it was meant to felt dingey and 1900-2000 style. I wanted screens, I wanted crt filters, I wanted the 3D logo (design from fnaf fangame called Afton's Mayhem) to look like those old rotating loops where the model was completely reflective and the background was an HDRI. So, all that happened, through the use of looping CSS animations (that was a big advancement for me,) and Blender 3D. I made the renders for fredbear and spring bonnie, all of the Sprintrap renders, and I modelled and rendered the logo. with the images solved, and eventually the slideshow, I needed to add glitches, tears in the website like those you see in the games. There was a decent bit of potential here, but I had to be careful not to overdo it. 

Lore talk, you can totally ignore this if you wish: William Afton is the main antagonist throught the FNaF franchise, creating afton robotics, the endos of the animatronic characters, and the reason for the collective death of almost all of his family, who all died interacting with these robots. He then set a murder plot on children in the Fazbear's Pizza location, luring them in while wearing a springlock suit. Keep that in mind. Luring them in, he killed them and stuffed their bodies into the animatronic suits in order to hide them, however, this somehow trapped the childrens souls in the characters. Afterwards, unable to sleep, Afton came back to destroy the characters, but in doing so, the spirits started to attack William, forcing him into hiding in the same springlock suit. The importance of this suit is that the exosuit of an endoskeleton was held in place by spring locks which would lock in place using strong springs, allowing these springs to be compressed back so that the suit itself can be worn *semi* safely by human preformers. These suits weren't adopted elsewhere, as the flaw of the design was that actors needed to be extremely careful: too fast of a breath or a move would loosen the springlocks and release the mechanism that held into the endo. If a human were in there, they would be continually impaled, through skin and bone, all the way from their head to their legs. William's springlocks malfunctioned and he suffered great pain before bleeding out on the floor. Despite this injury, his body rotted yet he remained concious and preserved by the suit. He remained trapped for 30 years boarded up in a small room in the corner. (the audio heard when typing in springlock to the monitor plays his death sound)

So most of the glitches revolved around either spring bonnie or William Afton/Springtrap. When hovering over these images, the image changes or flickers rapidly through css animation, quite pleased with this. But thats not all, hover over key words in the text and they'll have a purple-white gradient; hinting for you to type it in to the ominous tv down below. Typing these in will result in various imagery and videos, and while the list of keywords is limited, the function created for this is flexible and can easily be changed to allow for the addition of any media you want! This was a bigger javascript task for me as I didn't search up any guides for this one; just pure brain, so I am pleased with the result!

The keywords are as follows: 1983, will play a voice recording of William Afton after the death of his son, C.C. Afton, making a legal claim and announcing his vengeance (I voiced this! Your confidence to show your game and expose your own creations to the class inspired me to try out voice acting stuff, just for fun. Rushed as it was, I like the audio effects and the dialogue is decent). 1987, will play a Golden Fredy Jumpscare, like what happens when you type 1987 in fnaf 1. connection, will play the final monologue of the final game. it's me, will just display SAVE THEM. springlock, will play the death sound of Afton (may be graphic).

While it can feel like a cluster of fancy thingies, I'm very pleased with the result, and I can rest easy knowing I put in good work and contributed to the group! I Helped out with stringing everything together, ensuring things didn't break, and a bit of file organization.

QUICK MENTION! We found that despite downloading from the same file, opening the content through the html file resulted in images from animations and backgrounds going missing, but when running it from a live server, everything worked much better for almost all of us. So, while grading, try opening up the project folder in vs code and run a live server to test it all! This applies to everyones pages.