For this website, much of the burden was eased by Aidan creating the template for the nav. It was originally decided on by the group to just be a nav bar, because we thought every page needed something in common, but Aidan went above and beyond and created a simple template for each of us so that we could all stick to a cohesive theme. This included a scalable first section with stylized edges and an image viewer, however I removed the image viewer functionality in my final page.  Although I did help in updating and organizing the template, making sure that all the code was right and organizing it with comments for the others to understand, a lot of the credit for coming up with the background and animations goes to him. I was able to ask him questions and understand exactly what his process was, and then replicate the style when I was creating my own website.

The main thing that I had trouble understanding though was Aidan's code. Each of our pages reference the template in the "sampling" folder, and that template has a lot of CSS files. I'm personally used to using maybe one or two different CSS files for one HTML page, but Aiden's code was difficult to fully process and understand given how many files there were, at least for me. It could be that this is just a difference in experience, so I'm not sure. Also, the folders ended up becoming kind of conveluted after a certain point.

Not wanting to stray too far away from the theming of the template, there is also a slight eeriness to the website in its glitchiness, which was intentional by me. Some of the images chosen were low-quality, the font is glitchy, and I specifically went out of my way to glitch the background out in Photoshop. I also did end up slightly changing what the website would look like from my wireframes. The first section no longer changes the order of the grid depending on the screen size. This was done for the specific effect of making sure the viewer looks at all of the displayed images, and doesn't skim through them because they're on the left hand side. Each of our group members agreed to add a sort of easter egg to our website, and mine was the logo button. If you click it 8 times, the website will get annoyed at you and jumpscare you and you will have to refresh. Works great on desktop, less great on mobile.

I also created the credits page, which once I had finished the second section of my first page, was pretty easy. I just asked all of my group members to fill in their names and add an image.